There are currently no serious bugs known to be in Enhanced DR-DOS, but you
might encounter problems with software that is not adapted to some of its
features. In particular, you should read the following warnings before using
any disk tools:

Warning: Beginning with version 7.01.04, DR-DOS is able to use the LBA BIOS
functions to access hard disk partitions outside the 7.8 GB limit defined by
the old CHS (cylinder, head & sector) system. This is no problem for any disk
tools that use DOS functions to access these partitions, however, there are
many old tools that are not LBA-compliant which use low-level BIOS calls to
access hard disks. When used on partitions that are not within the space
accessible via CHS these tools could possibly write data to the wrong sectors
on the hard disk and thus cause severe damage. This is not a bug in DR-DOS, but
a limitation of these tools. Some of the disk tools that are included in the
distributions of DR-DOS 7.0x like fdisk, format, diskopt, etc. may also fall
into this category. Until they have been tested on LBA partitions and it has
been found that they are safe to use, do not use them without making a backup
of your hard disk first.

Warning: Beginning with version 7.01.05, DR-DOS supports FAT16 partitions with
a cluster size of 64 KB. This feature has been tested and found to be working.
However, until someone has done extensive tests and it has been found that it
is generally safe to use, use precautions before using it on partitions that
contain valuable data. Also, please note that many disk tools do not expect to
see this feature on a DOS based machine, so they most likely do not support it.
Windows NT and FreeDOS support it, so tools written for these operating systems
should be safe to use.

Update: Chkdsk seems to work with both LBA partitions and 64K clusters.

Warning: In version 7.01.06 I have introduced support for the FAT32 file system
to DR-DOS. However, many disk tools (including those of DR-DOS 7.0x) do not
support FAT32, at least not in DOS. You should not use any disk tools on FAT32
drives unless you know that they are compatible with FAT32 and large drives.
Tools written for FreeDOS or MS-DOS 7 and higher should be safe to use.

Enhanced DR-DOS v7.01.07 again adds new features that might prove incompatible
with older software:
- It now supports drives with 128K cluster size. This is mostly untested, since
  there are no DOS tools that support this cluster size. Existing tools
  probably cannot handle this size.
- Several config.sys commands that DR-DOS 7.03 uses to move data structures to
  upper memory are now supported, some of which have been enhanced to provide
  additional benefits. Older software might expect to see these structures in
  lower mem, so you might have to turn those options off to run it.
  Also, because of enhancements of the internal memory handling, some older TSR
  programs might not work properly if you load them with INSTALL/HIINSTALL in
  config.sys. If that is the case, use INSTALLLAST/HIINSTALLLAST instead.
